fix(srv): content review and update (#2589)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/deploy-awstats/index.mdx

<Lightbox src="scaleway-awstats_homepage.webp" alt="" />

## Setting-up a CronJob to update logs

> It is recommended to schedule a CronJob to regularly update the AwStats database using newly created log entries, so the stats get updated on a regular basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to schedule a cron job to regularly update the AwStats database using newly created log entries, so the stats get updated on a regular basis.
```
